StockSight: A Stock Data Intelligence Platform
This project is a full-stack financial data platform built for the JarNox internship assignment. It features a high-performance backend API built with FastAPI and an interactive frontend dashboard built with Streamlit.
Live Demo Links

Live Dashboard: https://ibm07-stocksight-dashboard-uulqpg.streamlit.app/
Live API Docs (Swagger UI): https://stocksight-imzd.onrender.com

Key Features:-
1)High-Performance Backend: Built with FastAPI to provide a fast, async, and scalable API.
2)Interactive Frontend: A Streamlit dashboard that consumes the live API for visualization.
3)Robust Data Pipeline: A seed.py script using yfinance and pandas to fetch, clean, and transform over 5 years of stock data for 15+ companies.
4)Business Insight Metric: The data pipeline pre-calculates a 30-Day Rolling Volatility score, a key metric for financial risk and trading analysis.
5)Bonus Comparison API: A /compare endpoint to analyze two stocks' performance side-by-side.
6)Performance Caching: Implements @lru_cache on the database session factory to simulate a high-performance environment with millisecond-level response times.
7)Automated API Docs: Includes a live, interactive Swagger UI at the /docs endpoint, auto-generated by FastAPI.

Tech Stack:-

Backend: Python, FastAPI, SQLAlchemy
Frontend: Streamlit
Data: Pandas, yfinance
Database: SQLite
Deployment: Render (Backend), Streamlit Community Cloud (Frontend)

How to Run Locally:-

1)Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/IBM07/stocksight.git
cd stocksight
2)Create and activate a virtual environment:
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate  (or .\venv\Scripts\activate on Windows)
3)Install dependencies:
pip install -r requirements.txt
4)Build the database:
(This will take 1-2 minutes to fetch all data)
python seed.py
5)Run the FastAPI Backend (in Terminal 1):
uvicorn main:app --reload
API Docs will be available at: http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs
6)Run the Streamlit Dashboard (in Terminal 2):
streamlit run dashboard.py
Dashboard will open at: http://127.0.0.1:8501
